This man actually sent us an email with code that outputs our course grade. Way too far dude
Lectures are helpful and appropriately paced, and the professor is very helpful. However, I recommend that beginners to programming take CS97 instead. I'm a business economics major and took this class because I was interested in programming.  However, I'm now looking at a C or D in this class as the projects were very time-consuming and my classmates did extremely well (the median is usually 95 or above).
As in any solid computer science class, this class definitely has a homework load, but it really isn’t bad, considering. It’s also not easy, but nothing worthwhile is ever a piece of cake. Professor Smallberg is fun, chatty, helpful, and he definitely has a sense of humor. I would definitely recommend this class (but if you’re a CS/E major, you’ve got to take it regardless!).
CS31 with Smallberg is just a fantastic class. He puts a lot of effort into all the material and projects to keep it engaging. The projects do take a lot of times (I think I spent ~10 hours on some of the hardest ones) but as long as you keep looking back at the specifications to make sure you're getting all the details right, they're not too difficult. Just don't start late, so many people who drop or do poorly start the projects too late the day of and don't finish in time. Overall this is one of my favorite classes I've had here. You learn so much!
Great class. Selling physical textbook, Absolute C++ (6th Edition)  for $60. Text me if interested 503-880-4378
Don't forget the semicolon! Good times
CS31 is an easy class if you keep up with the work and the lectures. Lectures are generally quite slow with Smallberg and you'll probably lose attention quite often.  Smallberg is very precise and methodical and if you take note of most things you'll be fine.
Reading the textbook is very helpful for picking up certain things that might be used on exams. I generally didn't listen in class but reading the textbook helped me catch up on all that I missed.
 Projects are generally quite easy and if you start early, you'll have no problems. Midterms and finals will be fine if you know your stuff
Text: 310-913-6851 if you want cheap for lower price
He's great! Always knows what you're gonna ask when you raise your hand. He's really clear. But people in my class are... really genius, raising the standard to really high I guess. He emails you about the median of the class for every assignment and test, and the median  was like 97% in average...BTW, I am selling ELECTRONIC textbook Absolute C++ (6th Edition, latest version) for $10. Text me at: 310-948-1995.
Smallberg is a really good professor for beginners in programming!
Projects are based on what you've learned on class, but not so time-consuming if you're confident in your programming skills, despite Project 5 and 7, which requires you to be super-clear about what codes you're going to write.
Two midterms are not hard but you'll lose a lot of points if you make a simple mistake because there are only less than 10 questions. So be careful! They're composed of code-tracking and code-writing.
Final is only a little bit harder than both midterms, and is composed of code-writing, code-tracking and some multiple choice questions about concepts. About 70 questions, one or two points each.
How to get an A?Try to get 100 on all projects: majority of the class would get 90+ on all projects. Try to get 95+ on midterm, at least 90+;Try to get 90+ on final, at least 85+;This is will probably ensure an A.But since Smallberg gives a lot of As for this beginner class, don't concern too much and just try your best.
Let's start off with my favorite moment in this course: "DONT'T FORGET THE SEMICOLON!" *jumps up and down*
Smallberg is amazing! Although his lectures are quite slow if you have experience and boring at times, I still go to lecture to pick up the syntax while working on other things if the material is too slow at a given moment.
Grading breakdown of the class:40% projects25% midterm35% final
Projects: They take up quite some time so START EARLY!!!!! Projects 3 and 5 are the most tedious and time consuming. For those who have experience: take commenting and the report seriously. I lost quite some points on the project due to not putting much effort on the reports/commenting.
Midterm: There are 2 "midterms" 35 and 65 points and the combined score out of 100 is put in the midterm category. It is not too bad, just be quick and precise. No surprises.
Final: Make sure you understand the concepts inside and out. I got near a high A on the final but the median is B- and mean is C+. You should spend the whole duration on the final although one can finish in a shorter amount of time. There are trick questions!
Hardest class I've ever taken. The tests are impossible and most everyone does poorly. Don't get me wrong, Corbin is a great lecturer, but if you plan on taking him, just realize that even if you've done well in all your other classes and you prepare for the tests, you can still get crushed..MT 1: average around 55-65, stdev 20 (normal dist)MT 2: avg: 40, std dev 20 (140 scored below 50%)
I would highly recommend taking any other professor if you want to do well in this physics 1A. How well I did in the class did not reflect on how much I learned.
Personally, I did not enjoy Corbin's class. Everyone told me to take him if I wanted a challenging class where I would really learn Physics. However, that was not my experience. His lectures were interesting and not terribly difficult to follow, but I feel like they did not teach me physics. He often blew over the algebra parts of solving, and he was not receptive of questions. His tests are ridiculous and even though he ends up curving the class a bunch in the end, I personally feel that it is not a good learning environment. There's no homework technically due in class and although the book problems are helpful to do, nothing can prepare you for his crazy tests. The final however is a lot better than both midterms, and even though I was below average on both midterms, I got a B in class and I believe it's because the final was much more straight forward and you actually had time to think and work through the  problems. Overall though, I wish I had not taken his class and I would not recommend anyone else take it either.
Corbin was an extremely interesting professor. His lectures are fun and he explains everything with the utmost clarity. He does not assign any homework which makes life easier. But his tests are a totally different story cause they are ridiculously difficult. People average at a 30% on his tests.  However, you feel better cause everyone does just as bad so the curve is wonderful. If you're looking for an easy A Corbin is not the prof for you... but if you just wanna have some fun and actually learn physics go for him, even though you're GPA will take a plunge.
If you love learning take this class! Like everybody says, Corbin's class is very very challenging and you will likely find yourself frustrated with your results on the exams. Sure, it's a trial by fire, but you will come out of this class actually understanding physics. Corbin's lectures are actually fun to attend and his explanations are incredibly clear. The guy has a lot of personality and humor. DON'T blow off the homework even though it's not graded and not nearly as hard as the tests. If you can work through those problems quickly and accurately, you will be ok. Use them to build your problem-solving skills so that you will know how to approach the crazy questions on the exams and not panic. His tests aren't in the test bank, so don't bother. I highly recommend going to office hours  (make sure to bring questions!). Conceptual issues are best addressed there (versus homework problems, which Corbin seems to prefer that you try to struggle through yourself because him telling you the answer doesn't teach you as much).  If you put a lot into this class, you will get a lot out! Try to enjoy yourself and don't be too harsh on yourself when you get that first midterm back. When it comes to later courses, you'll be miles ahead of your classmates because you survived physics with Corbin.
This was the hardest class I have taken so far. I studied really hard to just get a C. I left every lecture even more confused.
Corbin is the best lecturer I have had in my time here. His midterms don't test how good you are at physics, but how well and how intensively you have done the practice problems from the textbook. After taking this class, I found 1B much easier than those who hadn't taken Corbin's 1A.
For those who are wondering how Corbin grades: I got 60/90 on the first midterm (~20 points above median), 28/90 on the second midterm (~10 points below the median), and felt I did really well on the final to pull off an A-.
I was sure I was going to get a B after seeing my score on the second midterm, but Corbin assured us that he looks at individual scores on the final, and rewards improvement. The final has a lot of derivations related to gravitation, which if you study beforehand, makes the final very doable.
Overall, doing well in this class is achievable with hard work.
I absolutely loved this class. Corbin is a fantastic lecturer and he really teaches you Physics at a high level. He doesn't go easy on you at all. He doesn't collect homework but you need to do the homework and study all the in-class problems if you want to do well in the course. My favorite prof so far.
I loved Corbin. If you're the type of person who truly wants to learn and understand physics, Corbin is the guy to take. Many STEM classes focus more on teaching you a lot of stuff (counting dots) but don't show you how it all comes together (connecting dots). Corbin definitely does the latter.  
I really enjoyed going to his office hours too. I didn't at first, thinking it would be unnecessary for an intro mechanics class; I later realized that Corbin's OH exposes you to all kinds of awesome material beyond the scope of 1A. The class is challenging, but the learning curve is very steep.
Like other reviewers have said, you need to come into this class with the understanding that it won't be an easy A. You need to be prepared to do problems, practice, and pay attention in lecture. Luckily, Corbin is a great lecturer, but in the end you must still be willing to put in the effort to really understand the concepts behind each question. 
Overall, I would take 1A with him again because I learned a lot about how to study physics, but I would not take 1B or 1C with him because I'm not in a major that needs a deep understanding of physics anyways. Would strongly recommend for Physics/Mech E majors though.
Corbin's confusing. Honestly, I don't know why all the ratings seem so great about Corbin's clarity and all that. I felt like he made the math pretty confusing and it was hard to follow. I feel like he also crammed a lot of the topics in and I didn't feel like I had enough time to do the homework. I even got a good grade in this class and yet I still didn't like the way the class was taught.
I'm pretty sure this review will be pretty derivative given how many reviews there already are for Corbin, but I'll take my shot anyway. 
Everything you read about him is true and more. His tests are so hard that you start questioning your existence during exams. He's a pretty good lecturer and a funny guy in total (he especially likes to allude to a sketchy past), and a fun character to try to figure out.
Class averages will be pretty low, but of course most people would just be concerned on trying to ride the curve. I personally was below both midterms and was hella stressed for the final, but I managed to pass with a C after intense studying for 2 weeks. 
My advice will be to of course do all the homework he "assigns" (textbooks aren't mandatory for his class and he claims you can use any but he will give out homework problems for the 12th, 13th, and 14th edition of University Physics). It's true you can't really know physics until you practice, practice, practice. Do the problems and if you have trouble, ask your TA or find a useful TA, or if not, find a study group to try to figure them out together. I personally didn't find Corbin's office hours helpful as he didn't like to do homework problems, and it usually was like a soft intro to the next lecture (if you want to go, phrase your questions conceptually). The class is made up of two midterms both 25%, and the 50% final, but Corbin tests are so wtf that the best way to study is just doing a shit ton of problems. Don't just practice problems, though, but practice approaches, especially since his midterms are usually made of 3 really hard problems (challenge problems type in University Physics) that you have to complete in 50 minutes. It's hella stressful so don't blank. There isn't actually a lot of math in his midterms (in my experience); the hardest were simple integrals/ derivatives. The final however, did have taylor series for gravitation. Overall, don't get behind on his class, which is easy to do bc the "homework" isn't due (its roughly a chapter a week, sometimes faster), and especially for the last chapter don't forget to study his last examples (like the wobbly star problem), because they might show up on the final. 
I honestly don't know if I would take Corbin again for 1A. He was a good lecturer, lively and engaging unlike many others. What he especially taught me is how to approach weird insane physics problems in a short amount of time, but honestly I was so stressed out about his class, since there's no cushion. If you're confident in your physics skills and have done well in say AP Physics, then you'll probably do better than me haha, as long as you don't fall behind on your work, but if you know you're a little worse in physics, then maybe consider taking another professor, because it's not worth it imo (I probably put in close to 40 hours of studying for the final - that's how much work it can be). Good luck to future generations, but fuck those tests!
The rumors are true this is possibly the toughest class I have ever taken at UCLA.  Corbin is a solid lecturer that keeps me interested, mostly because I am frantically trying to understand the notes he is writing on the board, and speaks good English.  Sometimes I wish he used a a mic because it is hard to hear the farther away from the front you get.  The exams are nearly impossible and are very calc heavy especially the final.  If you love physics and love complex math derivations on exams take Corbin.  If you want an easy A go somewhere else.
Corbin is the best Physics professor I have ever seen. Although he always express his contempt towards math, he did indeed give the deepest mathematical explanation towards all the concepts.  Even the text book fails to  reach the level of his clarity. As a math major, I highly recommend the course to everyone who wants the "dark truth" of mechanics and to those who enjoy solving algebra problems containing only characters (without number). His exams are fun :D
I took the legendary Corbin for the entire 1 series and I don't regret it. I'm not sure I can say anything about his classes that hasn't already been said, but I'll go ahead regardless. 
Corbin is an excellent lecturer who wants nothing more than for everyone to understand the material as well as he does (that's actually his informal criterion for an "A" grade). He teaches and tests physics the right way, which is in variables only (no "plug and chug" here), and correspondingly ditches the useless "mastering physics" homework. He assigns book problems, but you can really do as many or as few as you want at your discretion since he doesn't collect any. You can really do problems out of any good physics textbook you can get your hands on, but it's safest to go with the recommended book (he posts recommended problems for the last few editions). Not collecting homework also means that your grade is entirely dependent on the two midterms (25% each) and final (50%).
His lectures do tend to be fast and math-intensive. You have some time to get your math skills to where they need to be during 1A, but if by 1B and 1C they are still lacking, you won't be able to keep up with his lectures, and you'll end up having to do way more work just to make sense of the notes you scribble down. But make no mistake: knowing your math doesn't mean you'll necessarily do well. It just means you have the chance to.
All of his classes are difficult with good reason. His main testing philosophy is that an easy test with a high average doesn't tell him (or you) how well you know physics. He makes ludicrously difficult exams with low averages so that a high score means you really know your stuff, and that a low score doesn't seal your fate. He is well aware that his tests are brutal, so he tries his best to reward hard work with generously-curved grades at the end of the quarter, particularly taking it into account if you do well on the final. But as he likes to say, you can't fake your way through physics, at least not with him. 
The bottom line is that, in my opinion, Corbin is a solid choice for the 1 series because you come out of it well-prepared for whatever physics-related upper divs you have on the horizon as a physical science or engineering major.
Corbin's reputation precedes him. 
As many other reviews state: Corbin genuinely cares about learning, something that you won't find very much of in South Campus at UCLA. 
He's one of the few professors, if not the only professor, that's made me *want* to go to lecture. Never did I want to skip a lecture because I wanted to learn, I wanted to be engaged with what was taught. I made it a priority to attend lectures.
That being said, there's no podcasting. His lectures aren't posted. He doesn't use slides. You *have* to come to class. And it's worth it! He explains the material very very well.
His exams are brutal. Do-able, but not in the time-frame given. To study, the best way is to master the material such that you can do problems FAST. Doing textbook problems under time constraints is probably the best way to do this.
He doesn't care for mastering physics, which is great, and he doesn't assign homework, which is greater. However, if you're going to stand any chance of surviving his exams, you better knock out a lot of practice problems.
In regards to his office hours, they're entertaining. I wouldn't necessary say they're beneficial (I only went a few times), but there's always a lot going on. That being said, if you take the extra effort to go out every week and really get to know him, the chances that you'll fail do get slimmer.
Good luck! and enjoy.
I am not a physics major, and if I'm honest I'd rather not take physics.  That said, Corbin made the class fairly interesting and engaging. He went  a bit psycho on the last day talking about gravity waves and no one really knew what he was talking about. His midterms have hard problems but they are more a test of speed than knowledge. Fortunately on  the final there was enough time to work through the problems which I think helped bring up my grade. One big advantage of Corbin's class is that  he doesn't require a textbook or mastering physics, which are big checks down the drain for the other professors' classes.  Overall he is a good professor; would take him again but I have a time conflict next quarter.
Yes, Corbin's class is difficult. However, that does not mean that it is difficult to do well in his class. People who claim that his class is a GPA killer are just plain wrong. All you have to do is stay ahead of the curve, which is not a difficult task when the averages on his midterms were 38 and 42 out of 90. Do the homework problems he recommends, take note of the problems he mentions in lecture could be tested, and pray you have a TA as helpful as Agnieszka. 
As for Corbin himself, he is a wonderful professor. However, unless you had an absolutely terrible high school physics experience, he will not "rebuild your physics understanding from the ground up," as previous reviewers have argued. What he will do is ensure that you fully understand the important concepts in mechanics and are able to apply these principles to complex problems.
Take Corbin. You'll be fine.
Is it the toughest physics class UCLA has to offer for the series? Yes 
I've heard he uses only variables in all his questions "Yes. You've heard right. Nowhere in the course would you encounter a single problem that uses a number"
But do you feel fucking awesome and a deep sense of fulfillment after reaching where he wants you to reach? FUCKING YES. If you plan to have a career in a science, don't miss the opportunity to have this man as your professor and his squad of awesome TAs
I took his class a few quarters ago. He is a great teacher. He teaches you physics like how it should be in real life. His exams are hard because he expect students to use what they learnt. And it is not going to be a problem if you don't get a high score, you just have to comprehend what he teaches and you might be able to get an A with a 60 points.
Corbin is like all other reviews before said, awesome.  He geniuely cares about his students and them doing well in his class.  I came into this class with great scores on both AP Physics C classes and got a pretty big shock.  He essentially rebuilt my knowledge of physics from the ground up and taught it in a very detailed way.  I go to most office hours and he actually mentions a lot of what goes on the midterms and exams during this time.  He needs a bigger office.  Great man, loves to curse, funny as hell, loves kit radios.
By far the funniest lecturer I have ever had.  He definitely makes physics very interesting and motivates people to learn physics for fun, and not as a chore.  That being said, his midterms and final were the hardest tests I have ever taken, and if it weren't for his generous grading and partial credit, everyone would fail his class.  Go to the lectures and office hours if you can, do lots of practice problems and an A is not impossible.
I took Physics 1A, 1B, and 1C with Professor Corbin. If I hadn't, my first two years at UCLA would have been much worse. Not only is Professor Corbin an excellent lecturer, he has a way of making 200-person lower-div physics classes seem very small (this is especially due to his tight-knit office hours groups). In short, take Corbin. He actually is not that hard (that is, if you do problems in multiple books and go to office hours frequently) and you will leave his class a better thinker (and I got A's in 1A and 1B and am expecting an A in 1C, so it definitely is possible!)
Professor Corbin is easily the best professor that I have had thus far at UCLA. I have taken Physics 1A and 1B with him, and I will be taking Physics 1C with him in the Fall. I will be entering my Sophomore, and from what I have heard about my future professors, Corbin will eclipse all of them.DO NOT listen to the people who say that he is intentionally trying to screw people over in terms of grades. Those people obviously never went to his office hours (which he has nearly every day). He genuinely cares about our education, and I find that to be the best quality a professor can ever have.I'm not saying this because I have gotten an A in both of the first two classes with him. I am a C and B student, trust me. I just think that the value of the education I receive from Corbin is better than what I would get from anybody else.I'm not going to lie to you, his tests are really hard. And when I say hard, I mean the average is usually around 30-40%. But don't think of that as a reason not to take him. He is making sure that you understand the material more than just merely memorizing the equations. He wants you to be "fluent", not "familiar".Definitely take Corbin. It will make your education experience better here. And everyone can take a slight hit to their GPA, even though it is definitely possible to get a B or maybe an A in his class.
My brother is a freshman and he just told me that corbin's class was the first physics 1A class to be completely filled. I couldn't believe that it wasn't Holczer's class ... his class is so easy . Its open book, and his midterms and finale is from his homework. You do the homework and you're almost guaranteed an A. I took 91A with corbin and it was the worst class I ever took in UCLA, his lectures are way too difficult. 
this class isnt hard if youve taken ap physics b (or ap physics c mechanics i would imagine but i guess you would have passed out of it). basically its mechanics so moving stuff but with a little calculus involved and some rotational stuff. i can say that i learned very little because i already knew most of it. lecture is 4 times a week and theres a discussion so this class will get very boring over time. midterms and final are all conceptual so not numbers involved. on each of his midterm there is one homework problem on it. i got burned out over the homework so i recommend just looking at the answers
This class is nowhere near as hard as I expected it to be. I went to probably a quarter of the lectures and one discussion section and managed to get an A in the class. If you have a solid physics background (5 in an AP Physics class) you should be fine, especially since he curves the class at the end. The tests were hard, but once again he curves the grades at the end so your raw score isn't important. Based on the classes I did go to, he was a pretty good professor although to be honest my high school physics teacher was a bit better, but I guess that's an unfair comparison. Overall I'd say take his class if you have a strong physics background or like the subject, avoid if physics is a weak spot for you.
Okay to be honest this guy was NOT AS HARD as the people on here make him out to be. Actually, his tests are difficult (the most difficult physics exams I've seen so far) but he gives you partial credit if you show that you have an idea of how to approach a problem. If you take Corbin, here's what you should do:
Do the homework!  Do all of it! I'm serious! For our class he would put a homework question word-for-word on each of the midterms for all or no credit (no partial credit... evil!)
Get a COMPLETE solutions manual to the textbook... it helps you out with the homework problems, and if you don't understand a homework problem go to Corbin's or the TA's office hours.
For this course it is important to know the concepts rather than the mathematical tricks thrown at you by the book. If you know what is going on in a problem, can explain it to another person, and solve it (and can explain to another person how to solve it as well), you will do fine. 
Go over his notes with classmates (form a study group), and go over the examples he gives in class. He goes over difficult examples so if you understand them, chances are you will understand what will be on the tests.
I got an A doing this so you know that A's ARE possible in this class. Oh I seem to have forgotten to mention that Corbin is an awesome guy... seriously! He's the best professor at UCLA I've had so far and I hope to have him again for another course. Go to his office hours and have a chat with him he is hilarious and talks about interesting stuff. This was the only class that I had near-perfect attendance. His lectures are amazing and he devotes time to help students struggling with the course. (He had office hours like everyday almost). I definitely recommend Corbin.
Corbin is probably the best professor I ever met at UCLA. He is effective, interesting and helpful. He's been holding office hour every single day the past quarter and replies emails in time. His lectures are so much fun that I always feel excited to go to his class. His tests are hard, but interesting. In short, I really enjoyed this quarter with him. 
Corbin is an amazing teacher and person. You'd be silly to pass up this opportunity to learn physics from him.He is helpful, kind and generous in every way, and goes above and beyond to help anyone and everyone who is willing to learn. As his past physics workshops and teaching methods have shown, this includes people who may not be enrolled in his specific class, but simply those who want to develop their understanding of physics in a way that is more than just memorizing formulas..
@ the guy who "is wondering what to learn from Corbin,"maybe you should learn to chill. ;) haha.. 8)
Brent is the best physics professor ever! The way he taught the material is easier to understand than reading the book! He expect a lot from his students and have high expectation. He is very humorous, which made the class really interesting. Personally, i hate physics, i take it for requirement. But he made it so interesting that i kinda like it now! Lots of HW, getting ready to spend time on HW. Highly recommanded to go to office hour, or workshop. He is always around to help. His lectures are well-organized. Exams are reasonable, makes sure don't miss his lecture if possible. His lecture notes are useful. Huge curves, you can't believe it!
Well, overall, this is a really tuff class. I would not recommand ppl to take it if you do not have time to spend on it, or take it for fun. Really tuff. But if you have to take any physics class, you have to take Brent.. you will know why I like him so much!
Selling the following books:Bailkey and Lim, Readings in Ancient History - $90Einhard and Notker the Stammerer - $5Plato, Apology - $10Sophocles, The Three Theban Plays - $5Course Reader - $10****PRICES NEGOTIABLE****
hmu at rishabraj2220@gmail.com
Took this class to fulfill a GE and it was one of my easiest classes. Lectures are information packed and I found myself writing for the entire 50 minute class. Philips is a great lecturer and knows his stuff. I was interested in the history but it's hard to remember anything from lecture because he would cover so much. I tried to read the book along with the lecture but really it's not necessary. Low time commitment in terms of homework, it would just be reading something for an hour to prepare for discussion or reading a small book. The tests are almost a guaranteed A as long as you make flashcards and prepare for the essay questions.
I actually really liked this class. The workload is kinda heavy because you have to do a lot of readings in order to prepare for your discussion section, but if you dedicate about 2 hours to the readings each week, you'll be fine. This professor does NOT post his slides so you have to go to every single lecture and sped write if you want all the information. He does not repeat anything and he does not slow down. The tests are easy if you're good at memorizing. You need to know a LOT of exact dates, but he gives you a study guide with everything on the test a week or two before the exam. If you dedicate two full days to the information, you'll be fine. There are two midterms, a 8-10 page essay, and a final. The midterms and finals are all in the same style but the essay is a pain. I love writing, but the prompt was kind of messy and not really fun. You'll need to dedicate about 2 full days to this essay depending on your writing skills I guess. 
Gooood Luck!SELLING: $10 - David Phillips: Introduction to Western Civilizations: Ancient Civilizations to CA. A.D. 843 - Fall 2017 Edition$8 - PLATO: The Last Days of Socrates by Penguin Classics$8 - SOPHOCLES: The Theban Plays by Penguin Classics$8 - The Epic Of Gilgamesh by Penguin Classics (translated by N. K. Sandars)$3 - EINHARD AND NOTKER THE STAMMERER: Two Lives of Charlemagne by Penguin Classicsemail me if interested: Lilpapikian@gmail.com
Professor made scattered jokes which broke up the otherwise monotonous lectures (lots of information). If you enjoy ancient history you should like the class. You definitely need to study for the midterms and final, but study guides are provided. The term paper is only 6-8 pages and easy to crank out over the course of a week or so.
Selling course reader for history 1A with Professor Philips. Brand new Email if interested- brigitabudginas@hotmail.com
SELLING COURSE READER!History 1A Course Reader: $15 (basically new)
if your interested feel free to email meemail: mir_raza_8@yahoo.com
Selling Course Materials!
History 1A Course Reader Material - $5
The Western Experience (10th Edition)- $25
The Last Days of Socrates- $5
Sophocles-The Theban Plays-$5
Two Lives of Charlemagne-$5
The Epic of Gilgamesh-$5
Readings in Ancient History -$45
Text 818-326-9420
lectures are honestly incredibly boring and you can find his midterm and final online. Take the class do not go to lecture and just look online for tests. BAM easy A
Very engaging and often funny. I thought the course was very fun and interesting, but then I had a good TA, too. 
No final or midterms, but the three main tests are very fair and relatively easy to pass with a good grade.
Interesting and easy class!
The tests were pretty easy and straightforward as long as you're okay with memorizing a bunch of dates. There is only one short paper, and the final isn't cumulative.
I had a friend recommend this class to me since I had some interest in the topic. It probably is not the easiest GE, but it is definitely not horrendous. But, it involves a lot of memorization, so if memorizing dates, descriptions, and significances comes easy then I definitely recommend the course!
GRADING: 20% Hour Examinations (three total) 20% Discussion: participation & attendance20% Term Paper 
EXAMS He posts a study guide, usually a week before the exam with ~30 terms and 4 essay questions. On the actual tests you'll be given 8 terms and can choose 5 to write about (which involves giving the exact date, defining/describing its context, and providing a significance) and 2 essay questions to choose one. He's critical abut dates, so you have to know the exact years people reigned or when an event happened. Since the study guide is posted ahead of time, there are no surprises for his exams. Also, he gives one extra credit question worth 3 points on each exam which are fairly easy- one worded answers. I recommend finding a small group or even just a partner to study with because that was extremely helpful for me when memorizing all the information. Lastly, the exams aren’t cumulative so you won’t have to remember information from the first week on the final.Exam 1 –Mesopotamia, Egypt, Israel, AssyriaExam 2 –GreeceExam 3 (Final) –Rome to Charlemagne
LECTURE Professor Phillips is pretty prompt, he shows up right when class starts and usually leaves when it ends. Definitely go to lectures because all the information he gives is important and will help with either defining terms or help with answering an essay prompt for the exams. He lectures quickly since he has to cover so much information within 50 minutes. Unfortunately, the lectures aren’t podcasted so make sure to just go to class. Lastly, he is a brilliant lecturer, he makes the material interesting and adds a small sense of humor.
DISCUSSION Getting a good TA is key because discussions don’t cover material covered in lecture, but rather a discussion regarding the assigned readings from primary texts. The readings are a moderate amount, you could probably spend about 3 hours a week max on the readings or you could probably get by with skimming depending on your TA. 
PAPER 6-8 pages, due at end of quarter. Although, this course doesn’t exactly teach you how to write a proper history essay so make sure your writing skills have developed by the time you take this course. 
REQUIRED MATERIAL I am selling the required material for this course! Feel free to email, text, or call!(951) 807-4979klynntrinh@gmail.com
Extremely interesting class, Professor Phillips is an incredible orator!I am selling all required readings for this course, feel free to email, text, or call!(510) 529-8368colette.martinelli@gmail.com
Phillips is a decently easy professor. He is a great lecturer and has a good sense of humor. I would recommend this class if you are good at short term memorization and writing quickly. The way the tests work is that you basically have to write an essay in 25 minutes, however you are given the prompts ahead of time. There are never any surprises on the tests and the class is not cumulative. The 6-8 page paper is not too bad, just make sure you go to the history writing center or have your TA review if before you submit it. Overall not a very hard GE. You'll learn a pretty good amount about history and this class will not stress you out too much. A pretty good GE for south campus majors. Don't buy the textbook, it's unnecessary. However, make sure to buy the Readings in Ancient History book, you'll need it every week for discussion and your term paper.
Selling the books for History 1A-Plato, The Last Days of Socrates-The Epic of Gilgamesh-Two Lives of Charlemagne-The Theban Playsif interested, email me at sarajuarez764@gmail.com
Selling everything you need for this class.Email me at yankfan4213@gmail.com
loose leaf western experience $45
course reader $10
misc. books $5 each
9165027558
Selling The Western Experience Ed 10 $50
Selling course reader $10
text 1-714-872-8640
Selling The Western Experience for a great price!! Text me at (818) 317-2230
Came into this class thinking it would be incredibly boring, but it ended up being one of my favorite classes last quarter! Probably not the easiest GE, but definitely not terrible. Straightforward and interesting!
GRADING:20% each test (three total)20% discussion20% term paper
TESTSHe gives you a study guide with ~30 terms and 4 essay questions. On the actual tests you'll be given 8 terms and can choose 5 to write about and 2 essay questions to choose one. He lets you know exactly what to expect, which is really nice. Also, they aren't cumulative, which is really nice, because you only have to know a few weeks' worth of material. He's a stickler on dates, though, so you have to know the exact years people reigned or when an event happened. Spend a few days before the test cramming and memorizing those dates and you should be good.
LECTUREInteresting! Everything he says is important, so I ended up typing the whole time. It's nice, though — keeps you awake! He really knows what he's talking about and the subject matter is pretty interesting.
DISCUSSION Doesn't cover material covered in lecture, but rather a discussion regarding the assigned readings from primary texts. It's not terrible — probably spent about 3 hours a week max on the readings and you could probably get by with skimming depending on your TA.
PAPER6-8 pages, due at end of quarter. Not bad.
OVERALL Lots of memorizing, but nothing too stressful! I would recommend taking this class.
Where do I begin with Phillips? First off, you should know this: this class will either be extremely easy or very difficult, depending on your ability to handle his work. This class itself is structured in a simple manner: 5 assignments each worth 20% of your grade. These assignments are 3 midterms, 1 term paper, and discussion points. The midterms are essentially easy, he gives you a study guide; this Is exactly the test, but as aforementioned, it depends on how well you can study. Personally, I did not like Phillips himself. I went to his office hours and believe me, he does NOT want you there. He consistently told "go to your ta" trying to get me out of his office. If you can handle ample memorization, speaking up in discussions from time to time, and writing one entire essay the quarter, then you have yourself an A. If you cannot handle his tedious lectures with non-stop notes, constant terrible jokes then this class is not for you.  
I changed my major because of this class and this professor. The material of this course are naturally difficult to learn. However, professor Hayes never introduced us to the subject of linguistics even though this is an introductory course, so we basically went straight into the course material not really knowing what we were doing. Not to mention, he began teaching the course with the toughest material: syntax. His homework assignments are very tough. They mainly consist of data sets of words and/or sentences in various foreign languages and fake, made-up languages and asks you to apply course concepts to analyze them. The two exams are basically the homework assignments but 50 times harder.Lack of organization: This professor along with his TA’s were SO disorganized. They lost my friend’s MIDTERM and a homework assignment of mine. Homework is a large part of your grade in this course, so my overall grade tanked. He gave me the option of redoing and resubmitting that homework assignment for credit, BUT LOST THAT ONE TOO and never responded to my emails, even when I tried to be flexible and send him a follow-up email in case he just missed the previously sent one. I went into this class so enthusiastic and hopeful because of the previously posted reviews on here, but was unfortunately very disappointed. Take this class with Schutze if you can. He’s a least a little better. Also, try to avoid taking this class if it is offered as an 8am. You must be awake and ready to learn during lectures. He also gives a 1 point quiz at the beginning of every lecture for participation.Good luck taking this class. I hope you love the subject. I wasn’t obsessed with it and this professor and his class made me not like it very much.
I would not recommend taking this class unless you are absolutely required to. It is very demanding in terms of content and workload, especially for a lower division class. Homework can be difficult at times and requires much time/effort to understand and complete. I suggest going to office hours every week or joining a weekly study group to get through it. The midterm and final were very long and students should have been given more time to take the exams considering the type of questions he was asking. There were several questions on the midterm and final that covered things we had not learned in class. 9% of the class grade comes from daily quizzes given at the beginning of class, if you take it you get credit regardless of your answer.  If you miss class you can make up the quiz in office hours. There is also a term paper worth 5% of the grade in which you must interview someone who speaks another language and analyze that language for a certain grammar phenomenon. Hint: avoid Mandarin and Japanese for this assignment. He offers 1% extra credit for participating in an experiment through the psych department. The end of the quarter felt very rushed, which was unfortunate because a good portion of the final had to do with the content that he taught at the end.  Hayes wrote the textbook himself and provide a PDF to the class free of charge.  One frustrating thing about this class is that the examples he used in class were almost always the same ones from the assigned reading, but he usually is more thorough in class so it is still worth attending.  Overall if you go to class, take very, very detailed notes, and study for the midterm and final you should be able to pass comfortably. This is coming from someone who had no prior linguistics exposure.
I took LING20 with Prof. Ozkan (She's usually a TA for this class, but in Summer she teaches it). Attendance mandatory due to daily 10 min quizes. Homeword was tudious, and every time I had to do the self-study since not everything was covered in the class. She gives 3% extra credit for SONA participation. Grading was hard, if even a small mistake is made in a large exercise - you get half credit. Also, it was almost impossible to argue with her about the grades, since she would never accept her own fault. Also, if you took a Ling 1 before, you can easily skip 1/2 of the course material.
Professor Hayes is engaging, funny, kind, and overall a great! Staying on top of your work and asking for help immediately if you're stuck is key because you need to have mastered for the exams. If your goal is to take an easy GE, this is not the class for you (quizzes every lecture, homework every weekend, and not doing your lecture readings will leave you confused in class.) However, if you want a taste of linguistics from a cute and excited phonologist, it's the perfect place to be:)
I truly do not understand why students praise this class. It was by no means easy, it was incredibly intense and the TA (mine in particular) was patronizing and gave me SO MUCH attitude if a concept confused me. There are better professors to take Ling 20 with but if you want to needlessly spend hours studying the material only to be blindsided by how difficult the homework and midterms are, then have at it. I was truly interested in linguistics but this class completely wiped out any interest. Hayes, I'm sure is great, but avoid this class at all costs. It's not worth the stress. This class left me feeling 'stupid' and will only worsen your imposter syndrome. Not worth it. No student should be left feeling stupified because of one class.
Bruce is hands down one of the best professors I've had at UCLA.  Anyone who is interested in pursuing linguistics should be excited to know that if you're taking a class with any of the senior faculty of our department you are being taught by world-class linguists. Bruce is an amazing phonologist and is why I ended up pursuing phonological research with such interest.
I implore all linguistics majors to, if they can, take LING 20 with Bruce. He's incredible. His lectures are engaging, thought-provoking, and actually interesting. He's as great a teacher as he is researcher, and makes sure that he presents information in a way that is accessible to everyone. If you're having trouble understanding something he'd be happy to explain, and if you're ever pining for a more in-depth discussion on course content/linguistics Bruce is happy to engage. He also has a great sense of humor, which is something I look back fondly on!
The class itself isn't easy, though -- but there are no surprises. It is the filter class for the Linguistics majors, so you need to get a B+ or above. It is a lot of work. However, if you're truly passionate about the subject and put in the time, you will get a lot out of this class as it is excellent preparation for the upper division courses of the major.
Professor Hayes is very organized. He teaches really systematically and very clearly. The class is basically structured around a textbook that he writes by himself, and he gives out the pdf for it so it's free! The workload is not bad: a weekly homework, a midterm, and a final. For me the main reason why I like this class and Professor Hayes a lot is how easy it is to follow since it's so organized, and you know what to expect every week.
The class as a whole is not that hard, but if you are looking for an easy GE then maybe this is not the class for you. As long as you do the exercises and the homework, you should be able to do the midterm and the final just fine. 
Overall, great class and great professor! I especially recommend it to people who are doing any Linguistic-related major or minor.
I thought this class was great, coming from a background of already knowing some linguistics. The problem sets were informative and fun but not too long, the tests adquately represented the homeworks and lectures, and the whole class was extremely well organized and progressed well through the different subjects of linguistics. There were lots of concrete examples given that helped see real-world applications of the subject matter. On top of all of that, Professor Hayes is wonderfully engaging and energetic, in addition to being quite funny. I would recommend this class if you have an interest in really learning what a variety of linguistic fields are like.
Very effective and his lecture is fun if you really love linguistics. For those who don't like linguistics, you may find this class interesting and much easier than linguistic 1, since you only need to understand the homework and there is nothing to memorize. All date will be given during the test. Do go to the lecture since attendance makes up a lot. Each class you will be assigned a little quiz and you will be given full credited no matter you do it correctly or not. And the entire class is curved, so about 70 out of 200 will get grade A- or higher. TAs are almost full-time, and their discussions are the only ones that keep me from sleeping. Overall, you can enjoy the class and learn a lot.
Prof. Hayes is a very effective and inspiring lecturer. He keeps his website updated and organized(even his personal lecture note in case we need clarification). His assignments are usually clear and full of notes to eliminate any ambiguity.
As a professor he is enthusiastic and charismatic. He also is a highly intelligent scholar who makes sure his every word is loaded with sense and logic. Talking to Prof. Hayes is undoubtedly one of the best professor interaction you can get at ucla - he listens intensively and answers in a well-organized manner, and most of the time with some extra mind-stimulating questions for students to further ponder on.
As far as the class goes - it is a lot of information in a short period of time. You'll find yourself with lots of fun and applicable new ideas at the end of the quarter. That is to say, if you want an easy A, take Ling1 instead; if you want a meaning GE experience and think you might enjoy linguistics, definitely take this class.
Had Adriana as a TA for Italian 42B. She is the bomb! Super chill and always willing to help you out. She is a very fair grader and timely with her email responses. Highly suggest Adriana, she will give you a good grade and she is overall super cool.
She is the best person ever! If you want to learn Italian, definitely choose her. She is a genuinely nice person who makes the class fun and enjoyable. She is always willing to help any student and you should definitely go to her office hours if you need help.
I took ENGR 111 with her. She gives easy homework assignments but the exams are not anywhere close to the homework. The midterm was relatively easy but the final was tough. I honestly never used the textbook. Take good notes and study the slides and you will be fine.
I think that Mel is a pretty chill, laidback person but I can also understand why some people are a little put off by her rather casual teaching style. That being said, the material is not really difficult and much less technically demanding than some of your typical engineering classes in other departments. To add on to that, the textbook in this class is actually really good, so good that you probably don't need to go to lectures.
In my quarter, the midterms were pretty easy such that most people left early, but the final was pretty difficult that not as many people left early (i.e. or if they did, they probably gave up on figuring out how to do some of the problems). I would say that the discrepancy was probably due to the fact that she crammed roughly three weeks of material in the last week of class because she was lecturing so slow in the previous 8-9 weeks. Other than that, I would say that this class was pretty chill and enjoyable and also surprisingly informative (i.e. some of the subject matter could be applicable to your personal financial decisions).
I think Mel is a super nice and cool person, but she was not really a great teacher for ENGR 111. I had her for ENGR 110 and she was fine but she was not able to really engage the class or teach the material at a good enough level in my opinion for Finance. Also, I felt a lot of the class got shortchanged on the Extra Credit and the exams, which covered a lot of difficult material that was only briefly touched upon in discussions and not even in the lecture. Overall, I like Mel as a person, but I would probably NOT take this class again if given the choice.
Lectures get quite boring after a while but all you need for the exams are in the textbook and ppt she posts online***Selling textbook, text 424-644-7686 if interested***
Cons: It is true that her powerpoint skills are not the best.  Pros: She's a very energetic person, she keeps you engaged in class by asking simple and interesting questions, she tries to remember names of the students and is very kind to all sorts of answers. Her exams are pretty easy, you don't have to study a lot, just go over the things she say in class and take some notes. She asks exactly what she lectures so try to pay attention to class. She goes over every topic 3 times, so you don't have the chance to get lost. Fav: She always does a current events part every class, where there is a class discussion on real tech/finance events, and you can relate real strategical management decisions to class material. I love this part since most other teachers just focus on the theoretical part and leave. One of the most engaging ENGR classes of all and its pretty easy.
If you have a question, just ask. The professor takes note of who is paying attention and thinking beyond the class materials. The homework may seem straightforward, but the exams will challenge you to apply to concepts rather than regurgitate homework problems. She's one of the most personable and friendly professors at UCLA, take advantage of that!
Let's be clear. I learned a lot in class and would have learned a lot more had I gone to every lecture. My biggest problem was that it was at 6-8pm, and that got in the way a lot. 
Other than that, though, this is great class to take. It's a useful class that will help prepare you for a lot of other econ classes. Mel is a good lecturer too, and keeps you engaged throughout the class. If you go to her lectures and pay attention, you'll be fine for anything that comes your way, whether it be the tests or homework. I had trouble on the midterm and a few homework assignments only to find that she went over everything I needed to know in class.
Essentially, what I'm saying is that if you go to class, she'll reward you for it. Not only is it a somewhat easy class to take, she keeps you up to date with economic events throughout the world and teaches you pretty valuable information that you'll need once you're out of college. Just make sure you make it to class. She does post lecture slides, if I remember correctly, but trust me, going to class is much better.
I would definitely recommend her class to anyone considering the tech management option as their tech breadth.
I took both ENGR 111 and 110 with this professor. Great lecturer, my favorite at the school.
This class focuses more on micro economics from what I remember. And I thought it was a great start to the subject, I learned plenty of practical skills. Balancing my finances, etc. It isn't really sold as a practical knowledge course, but it definitely provides some of that. 
The lectures were clear and concise. Sometimes they would feel long, but its just the nature of the subject, sometimes it can be less than exciting. The professor knew when the material would be boring and tries to counter that, which I appreciated, especially since the lectures were usually in the evening, so as not to conflict with the major related courses. And she was pretty good at keeping things entertaining, by including students in discussions related to relevant current events she brought up, and most hilariously, calling out snoozing students (myself included). 
Don't listen to the haters, this class is rad. Also try to take this class with a couple buddies, the group projects are way less of a drag that way.
CS 118 with professor Varghese was one of my favorite classes here at UCLA! He's super passionate about the material, and is really good at breaking it down into easy-to-understand segments. We had one problem set every two weeks, but the homework and the tests followed the class material pretty closely. We also had one project about forwarding IPv4 packets for a router, which was fairly time consuming, but I would say overall the workload for this class isn't super heavy.  Prof. Varghese also posts detailed notes for important topics, so you're never short of study materials.
If you need evidence that Varghese is a good lecturer, his lectures were always pretty full, even though he didn't take attendance or require participation. The only complaint I have is that he tends to talk and move through slides very quickly, but there's a lot of material to go through so it makes sense.
I highly recommend taking this class!
Varghese is a fantastic professor. He genuinely cares about his students learning the materials and is generally very understanding and accommodating. His slides and lecture notes are both posted on CCLE but its worth going to class since he explains things well. He's pretty receptive to student feedback and has gone back to re-do previous lecture topics that students probably didn't get the first time around. 
Homeworks and projects are a little tricky (the project more so). Absolutely start early on the project - it seems like you get a lot of time but it's very time consuming to set up the VM, do the actual coding, test your code, etc.
Tests are a little tricky but Varghese is extremely helpful during exams. There's always a long line to ask him questions and he always gives genuinely helpful advice (sometimes even giving big hints to questions).
Absolutely take CS118 with him if you can.
Varghese is the man to take CS 118 with. The only complaint I have is that it's an 8 am but his engaging lectures will keep you awake. He  was extremely helpful during office hours and made sure to answer every student's questions. After taking this class, you will come out with a solid understanding of how the internet works.  Start the projects and homeworks early, read the slides and notes, go to office hours, and you should have no problem earning a good grade.
Such an amazing professor, I'm very glad that I have taken him. Make sure not to miss the lectures and the reading notes he posts.
Amazing Professor. Hard to make it to all his 8am's but the lectures are so worth it. You could learn the material from the notes and slides he uploads but he is such a good lecturer you wouldn't want to miss it. Go to lectures, start the project early, read the lecture notes he uploads to study, and you should do just fine.
Varghese is the man for 118. Great lectures, manageable material. Things start to get a little confusing at the end but that's more the nature of the material then anything to do with George. Tests are fair, definitely would recommend going to lecture and taking the time to understand the HWs. All in all one of the better CS classes I've taken at UCLA.
He did a great job!
I didn't get a high grade in this class, but to me grade is not important than the knowledge. He taught this class very well and I am quite confident on my knowledge thanks to him.  
The only issue we had in this class was programming project. In fact, that's the reason of my low grade. The assignment testing part was not clear. I wrote the code, but I wasn't sure that's what they wanted. No where in spec was mentioned about testing. A week after submission deadline, some students told me that the code was supposed to produce a file and that file should have contained all communications. 
Nonetheless, I recommend you to take his class because he teaches well and he told us that he will come up with better testing tools for programming assignment or make some changes to it. 
Your "A" is guaranteed, if you attend the lectures and do homework!! 
Additionally, you will gain some knowledge that is useful.
I took astronomy 5 this quarter. This professor and his assistent laura, kept saying "don't worry, don't worry," the whole quarter. We don't know too much about this class, it is the first time that we are teaching it, don't don't worry don't worry." At then end they were very tough for grading this class despite the low quality, and the hard to hear voice this teacher has. I don't recommend to take classes with this professor because he pretends to be honest but he doesn't. He will screw you up at the end.
Professor Coroniti is a very smart professor and his class is a little bit challenging. 
His exam questions are all proofs without calculating numbers. It can be difficult to prove only with variables. But, don't worry. He is giving us test information (even final) before each tests. So you can guess which questions might be appeared on the exam. 
Personally, to succeed in this class, you really need solid high school math skills - Trigonometry and Algebra, especially. It can be useful to take Math 32 series before this class, but if you have a good high school math skills, math 32 series are unnecessary, because there are no calculus-based math questions in his exam. 
2012 Winter Physics 6A statistics:
Midterm 1: Average 69, got 98.Midterm 2: Average 55, got 68.Final: No clue.Final grade: A.
The final is much harder than two midterms even though averages of midterms are low. So be prepared.
I only got C for math 32A so obviously I am not good at math, but I still got A- for his class.
He tells you what exactly will be on midterms and even final. So you DO NOT even have to understand his note, just do ALL the suggested problems + related problem of the past paper (very similar problem) and I assure you that you will do fine.
The final was a bit tougher than the midterms so be prepared.
I didn't understand a damn thing what he said in lecture  but I still manage to get A- so I'm sure you can do it too!
Coroniti isn't bad at all! I think people avoid taking his class because its at 8am and you CAN NOT miss a lecture. It's not podcasted, but overall I enjoyed his class. He's very sweet and nice and he is pretty concerned about his students. 
Midterm 1: avg 79, I got an 84Midterm 2; avg 70, I got an 85Final: no clueFinal Grade: A- I don't think I did that well on the final (only studied for one day) but I'm very happy with my final grade.
Take him! He tells you what exact problems will be on the midterms and finals. I wasn't surprised by any question that appeared on his tests. Good professor!
1st midterm: avg 79, got 812nd midterm: avg 70, got 69.Final: have no idea
He sends u an email about whats gonna be on the test so u need to understand the homework and think of any possible variations. Honestly, as long as you understand the basic principles of the concepts and apply them into it, variation is a no problem.
office hours: he's kinda intimidated. depends on what kind of person you are; i just kept asking him because i really dont understand some of the stuffss lol. he prob got mad. but yeah i got an A- because i think i did well on the final.
Although I've only taken the first midterm, I think Coroniti is a good professor. Physics is difficult and most of the time I don't understand what he's saying, but I'm pretty sure that it's because the material is hard. He always asks the class if there are any questions, and he's a very sweet (and cute!) professor. He does tend to go through the concepts and examples fairly quickly (especially parts concerning math, he'll skip steps). However, on his tests, he tells you exactly what's going to be on there. And I don't see how it's too difficult to get a good grade on the exam. Just make sure you UNDERSTAND (not memorize) the problems he says are going to be on the test.
He is a nice guy but a very hard teacher. I went to his lectures everyday and was never able to follow him in class. All he does is prove equations and doesn't show you how to use them. The only things that got me through his class were the TA and the fact that Coroniti tells you exactly what type of problems are gonna be on the test. So study just what he tells you and go to your discussion sessions and do problems from the book and see how your TA solves them.
Coroniti took what could be a challenging class, and turned it into something almost impossibly hard. He only offers his classes at 8 AM, so everyone is half asleep in class to begin with, if they even came that is. In addition, Coroniti does little to no actual problem-solving or examples in class, choosing to do proofs or define theory instead. While that is all well and good, that's what a textbook is for. I found myself skipping class, as I got nothing out of it, and reading the textbook instead. Luckily the TAs for this class were often helpful. Unfortunately, the assigned homework is the only exposure to problems that you will get in this class. Did i mention it's inputted into an online form, and you don't have a solutions manual to know whether you are doing the problems right or not? Not to mention that the three exams all deal in variables, rather than solid numbers like one gets in the homework problems. 
Everyone did so poorly in this class, that the curve was forced to reflect it. I recieved a B in the class, even though I got a 38/100 and 53/100 respectively on each midterm, and left 2 of the 8 final problems blank.
If you must take 6A, take it with another professor. Even wait a quarter if you must. You won't regret it.
He completely undermines the established curriculum and removes any fairness between classes by being the most difficult teacher I have ever had! I can tell you if people have much easier teachers in physics they will do better in the other classes you share with them because you will be miserably studying for his tests while others are okay. It is unbelievable that there is no conformity at all between his class and other 6a teachers. Save yourself from his idea that everyone is a physicist and take someone else. 
I would not recommend Professor Coroniti to anyone. He seems like a nice guy, but once lecture begins he starts writing a ton of stuff on the board very quickly and most of the class has no idea what's going on. He doesn't explain what he does sufficiently, and as a result I stopped going to lecture early on in the quarter (also my class was at 8 am). If it wasn't for Emin, the greatest TA I've ever had, I would have been screwed. I went to discussion every week and attended Emin's office hours for most of the quarter, which I highly recommend you do if you take Coroniti. The one thing the professor did do that was appreciated is before each midterm and the final, he would give us specifics about what each individual problem would entail. However the tests were still difficult and entirely variable-based.